today with in a 2005 Dodge Ram 1500 this
is a Daytona edition
and mango go
see especially listen Ram
those are over
we also
the body colored side skirts
don't order
that is the Daytona badging back here
the matte black stripe Orlov the rear
spoiler
we are going to have a tow hitch
a selfie badger
about there
dual exhaust outlet there
we are going to have a privacy glass on
this one
we had a run to the front of the vehicle
you notice it has the body colored
fascia at the bottom
through our fog lights
very very good-looking truck let's take
a look at the inside
so imagine on the inside
parralox windows in there
it is willing to have your power
driver's seat
split that seat
those have your Alpine head unit here
well with your climate controls
you're number of Daytona plate
tomorrow it's gonna have 65 383 this is
a multi-function wheel with cruise
control which was your stereo audio on
the back of it
there's also a sliding glass window